The Joe Rogan experience.
Let me ask you a real question. Cause I haven't, I haven't asked you.
I saw that Jake Paul kid chirping at your boy D C yes. What's.
The deal. Well, he wants to make some money. No know he's a good.
Good show, mellow. But what did DC say to him? DC said.
Take my name out of your mouth. I'm not a kid. I'll you up. And he was like
former UFC heavyweight champion of the world. That's not what you want,
but shout out.
I will say this kid knows how to everybody off. He's so good at it.
Let me tell you something, dude. We were in Florida in Jacksonville,
sold out arena and they were all chanting. Jake, Paul,
Jake. Paul. He's filming it. He loves get his phone out.
Cause you know what? You know what? He's hearing money. Jake Paul.
Jake, Paul. No, he's hearing should Shane. Yeah,
the whole time he's making so much money, dude. Now be genuine.
1.5 million pay-per-view buys when he knocked out Ben Askren.
I don't know if that's true. Dana white says it's nonsense,
but maybe he doesn't. I mean, who has the receipts?
If he's telling the truth and you know, if he's lying,
why didn't he say 2 million? Why didn't he say 3 million? Why is 1.5? I mean,
maybe he's telling the truth. If he's telling the truth,
they made a considerable amount of money and that's bigger by more than
double. The very legitimate three fight three title fight.
UFC card of this past weekend is that apparently got 700,000 buys.
Granted these are 700,000 ESPN plus
verified, absolute buys. There's no, right? You know,
this whole Triller fight club thing. It's like, you know,
you got like rap music and a bunch of other. And you got this trailer company,
which a friend of mine who works in finance explained to me what Triller was.
They Triller verify this. See if this is true.
They were originally poised. Did they? They put together a company.
I don't know if this is true.
This is just what my friend told me that they put in.
My friends were very smart.
They put together this company because Tik talk was about to be banned from the
United States. And when tick-tock was about to be banned and uh, Josh Rogan,
the journalist explained to us that cluster that they,
they almost had a band,
but then they tried to capitalize on it and make money and sell it to Oracle's
is crazy. But anyway, when Triller Triller was set to take over, like,
Hey, we're the new Tik TOK. So they got a bunch of money together.
And then the justice department or whoever decided not to ban Tik TOK,
the thing fell apart, Tik TOK still here. So then they said,
we're going to put on fights. Uh, I don't know if that's true, close.
Very quick. It was already an app going around.
That was like a very small competitor to tick-tock based on let's just say like
hip hop music only. And then they expanded into video other stuff.
And then that happened.
They like were used because they were the only us competitor.
So then they negotiated a deal with Mike Tyson to fight Roy Jones Jr.
Right. And that was his gigantic,
huge fight that got over a million buys a believe. Right.
And I believe that, I mean,
everybody wanted to see what the was happening there.
And then Mike Tyson recently said he wants nothing to do with them.
He's not doing anything with them anymore. Something happened.
No wonder the money wasn't there. Something happened with the money.
I've no idea. Maybe he got a better offer somewhere else.
Maybe they didn't do them. Do them.
Justice catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free.
Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expense.